README.md, before:

# TypeScript
- It is a statically typed superset of JavaScript that adds type annotations to the language.
- Developed by Microsoft.
- it allows developers to catch errors early in the development process by providing a type system and compile-time checks.

## Features of TypeScript:
- Static Typing: TypeScript introduces static types to JavaScript. This means you can define variables, function parameters, and return types with specific types, like string, number, boolean, and more complex types such as arrays, objects, and custom types.
- Type Inference: TypeScript can automatically infer types based on the code.
- Compile-time Checking: TypeScript code is compiled into JavaScript. The TypeScript compiler checks for type errors and other issues before converting it to JavaScript.
- Enhanced Tooling: TypeScript provides better tooling support, such as autocompletion, refactoring, and inline documentation.
- Advanced Features: TypeScript includes features like interfaces, generics, and type aliases, which can help manage complex codebases and improve code organization and readability.
- Compatibility: TypeScript is designed to be compatible with existing JavaScript code.

Commit message:

Update README.md with typescript intro

README.md, after:

# ![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=typescript) TypeScript
- It is a statically typed superset of JavaScript that adds type annotations to the language.
- Developed by Microsoft.
- it allows developers to catch errors early in the development process by providing a type system and compile-time checks.

## Features of TypeScript:
- Static Typing: TypeScript introduces static types to JavaScript. This means you can define variables, function parameters, and return types with specific types, like string, number, boolean, and more complex types such as arrays, objects, and custom types.
- Type Inference: TypeScript can automatically infer types based on the code.
- Compile-time Checking: TypeScript code is compiled into JavaScript. The TypeScript compiler checks for type errors and other issues before converting it to JavaScript.
- Enhanced Tooling: TypeScript provides better tooling support, such as autocompletion, refactoring, and inline documentation.
- Advanced Features: TypeScript includes features like interfaces, generics, and type aliases, which can help manage complex codebases and improve code organization and readability.
- Compatibility: TypeScript is designed to be compatible with existing JavaScript code.

## Open Git Bash and install typescript:
```
npm install -g typescript
```
Check the typescript version
```
tsc -v
```
<img width="391" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0711a6f9-f7d9-4c29-a3a8-d552d926dd2c">

#### Write a simple hello.ts typescript file.

<img width="671" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d26f6cb2-23c1-4d85-bf6f-fa4be367e38d">

###

- Run the TS file using tsc.

```javascript
tsc hello.js
```
- When you execute the typescript file, a new JS file will be created with the same name and code in js.
###
<img width="692" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ae6d9a5-1dcd-4abb-bb3e-4ebc9f26b5fb">
